okay everybody you asked for it you're
getting it sass Europa 2023 is coming to
London he did Paris twice most of you
couldn't understand the French we went
to Barcelona by the beach with almost
2700 but none of who understood
castillion you said please please take
us to London so we could understand
what's going on and we are coming 2023
let's ask Europa finally finally comes
to London home of canals The Shard uh
pints and some interesting food we will
be there over 3 000 SAS CEOs Founders
Cloud Executives hundreds of VCS more
term sheets than you can imagine brain
dates mentoring sessions incredible fun
the best evening parties and the best
place to just meet that great new
partner Trend customer whatever disaster
Europa 2023.
I and the rest of team saskators
[Music]
thank you